Unreal Engine plugin documentation update (#11625)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/unreal/configuration/sampling.mdx

## Sampling Error Events

To send a representative sample of your errors to Sentry, set the <PlatformIdentifier name="sample-rate" /> option in your SDK configuration to a number between `0` (0% of errors sent) and `1` (100% of errors sent). This is a static rate, which will apply equally to all errors. For example, to sample 25% of your errors:

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/sample-rate" />

The error sample rate defaults to `1`, meaning all errors are sent to Sentry.

<Note>

Changing the error sample rate requires re-deployment. In addition, setting an SDK sample rate limits visibility into the source of events. Setting a rate limit for your project (which only drops events when volume is high) may better suit your needs.

</Note>

## Sampling Transaction Events

We recommend sampling your transactions for two reasons:

1. Capturing a single trace involves minimal overhead, but capturing traces for _every_ page load or _every_ API request may add an undesirable load to your system.

> 2. Enabling sampling allows you to better manage the number of events sent to Sentry, so you can tailor your volume to your organization's needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2. Enabling sampling allows you to better manage the number of events sent to Sentry, so you can tailor your volume to your organization's needs.
```

Choose a sampling rate with the goal of finding a balance between performance and volume concerns with data accuracy. You don't want to collect _too_ much data, but you want to collect sufficient data from which to draw meaningful conclusions. If you’re not sure what rate to choose, start with a low value and gradually increase it as you learn more about your traffic patterns and volume.

## Configuring the Transaction Sample Rate

The Sentry SDKs have two configuration options to control the volume of transactions sent to Sentry, allowing you to take a representative sample:

1. Uniform sample rate (<PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sample-rate" />):

   - Provides an even cross-section of transactions, no matter where in your app or under what circumstances they occur.
   - Uses default [inheritance](#inheritance) and [precedence](#precedence) behavior

2. Sampling function (<PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sampler" />) which:
   - Samples different transactions at different rates
   - <PlatformLink to="/configuration/filtering/">Filters</PlatformLink> out some
     transactions entirely
   - Modifies default [precedence](#precedence) and [inheritance](#inheritance) behavior

> By default, none of these options are set, meaning no transactions will be sent to Sentry. You must set either one of the options to start sending transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, none of these options are set, meaning no transactions will be sent to Sentry. You must set one of the options to start sending transactions.
```

### Setting a Uniform Sample Rate

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/uniform-sample-rate" />

### Setting a Sampling Function

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/sampling-function-intro" />

## Sampling Context Data

### Default Sampling Context Data

The information contained in the <PlatformIdentifier name="sampling-context" /> object passed to the <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sampler" /> when a transaction is created varies by platform and integration.

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/default-sampling-context" />

### Custom Sampling Context Data

> When using custom instrumentation to create a transaction, you can add data to the <PlatformIdentifier name="sampling-context" /> by passing it as an optional second argument to <PlatformIdentifier name="start-transaction" />. This is useful if there's data to which you want the sampler to have access but which you don't want to attach to the transaction as `tags` or `data`, such as information that's sensitive or that’s too large to send with the transaction. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using custom instrumentation to create a transaction, you can add data to the <PlatformIdentifier name="sampling-context" /> by passing it as an optional second argument to <PlatformIdentifier name="start-transaction" />. This is useful if there's data you want the sampler to have access to, but  you don't want to attach it to the transaction as `tags` or `data`, such as information that's sensitive or that’s too large to send with the transaction. For example:
```

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/custom-sampling-context" />

## Inheritance

> Whatever a transaction's sampling decision, that decision will be passed to its child spans and from there to any transactions they subsequently cause in other services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whatever a transaction's sampling decision, that decision will be passed to its child spans and from there to any transactions they subsequently trigger in other services.
```

sidebar_order: 50
---

Adding Sentry to your app gives you a great deal of very valuable information about errors and performance you wouldn't otherwise get. And lots of information is good -- as long as it's the right information, at a reasonable volume.

## Sampling Error Events

To send a representative sample of your errors to Sentry, set the <PlatformIdentifier name="sample-rate" /> option in your SDK configuration to a number between `0` (0% of errors sent) and `1` (100% of errors sent). This is a static rate, which will apply equally to all errors. For example, to sample 25% of your errors:

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/sample-rate" />

The error sample rate defaults to `1`, meaning all errors are sent to Sentry.

<Note>

Changing the error sample rate requires re-deployment. In addition, setting an SDK sample rate limits visibility into the source of events. Setting a rate limit for your project (which only drops events when volume is high) may better suit your needs.

</Note>

## Sampling Transaction Events

We recommend sampling your transactions for two reasons:

> 1. Capturing a single trace involves minimal overhead, but capturing traces for _every_ page load or _every_ API request may add an undesirable load to your system.

Reviewer 2: Looks like copied from a Web-focused doc, there are no page loads on Unreal, how about 'level loading'?

```suggestion
1. Capturing a single trace involves minimal overhead, but capturing traces for _every_ level loaded or _every_ API request may add an undesirable load to your system.
```

- If the transaction has a parent, inheriting its parent's sampling decision
- Absolute decision passed to <PlatformIdentifier name="start-transaction" />

When there's the potential for more than one of these to come into play, the following precedence rules apply:

1. If a sampling decision is passed to <PlatformIdentifier name="start-transaction" />, that decision will be used, overriding everything else.
1. If <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sampler" /> is defined, its decision will be used. It can choose to keep or ignore any parent sampling decision, use the sampling context data to make its own decision, or choose a sample rate for the transaction. We advise against overriding the parent sampling decision because it will break distributed traces
1. If <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sampler" /> is not defined, but there's a parent sampling decision, the parent sampling decision will be used.
1. If <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sampler" /> is not defined and there's no parent sampling decision, <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sample-rate" /> will be used.

<Alert level="info">

> The Unreal Engine SDK doesn't currently support forcing a sampling decision by passing it into <PlatformIdentifier name="start-transaction" />.

Reviewer 2: Are we planning on adding this? Should we link to a GH ticket if so?

```suggestion
Currently there is not support for forcing a sampling decision by passing it into <PlatformIdentifier name="start-transaction" />.
```

Author: I suppose we'll need to introduce this feature to `sentry-native` first (https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-native/issues/864) and then expose it to UE plugin users.
